We're under siege?
c0000001
But how did
the Imperial army slip in?
c0000002
[MILLAVAIR] The palace
was caught off guard.
c0000003
I've yet to fully grasp
the situation.
c0000004
All I know for sure
is that it's dire.
c0000005
Rin!
Go get the car ready, quickly!
c0000006
Um!
Right away!
c0000007
[MILLAVAIR]
Imperials at our doorstep.
c0000008
How did they get past
the border without notice?
c0000009
[ALICE]
Listen...
c0000010
I'm heading back
to the palace right now.
c0000011
Whatever you do,
just stay safe!
c0000012
[MILLAVAIR]
I have no other intentions.
c0000013
[ALICE]
Why now?
c0000014
Endure, Mother!
c0000015
[running footsteps]
c0000016
[both gasp]
c0000017
[ALICE]
Ah?
c0000018
[ALICE]
Could it be?
c0000019
They got wind of my absence
through an insider?
c0000020
♪
c0000021
Is everything okay?
c0000022
You look really
shaken up, Alice.
c0000023
[ALICE]
Did you do this?
c0000024
Did you send your army
after my mother?
c0000025
[ISKA]
What?
c0000026
I'm going.
They need me at the palace.
c0000027
Huh?
c0000028
Look, Iska,
c0000029
I want to believe you had
nothing to do with any of this.
c0000030
So, please,
stay here at the manor.
c0000031
Not one step outside!
c0000032
[gasps]
c0000033
[ISKA]
Alice, what's going on?
c0000034
[ALICE]
Not a single step!
c0000035
I swear,
if you're betraying me, Iska,
c0000036
I'll never forgive you!
c0000037
Wait, slow down!
c0000038
I don't understand!
c0000039
Promise me.
c0000040
♪
c0000041
-[SALINGER] How boring.
-[grunts]
c0000042
A coup hell bent
on assassinating the queen?
c0000043
Hmph!
Hydra's handiwork, yet again.
c0000044
[ORNAKE]
You?
c0000045
You Millavair's guard dog now?
c0000046
[grunting]
c0000047
The only one allowed to call
the queen by her name is me.
c0000048
Thirty years later, and still
nothing's changed around here.
c0000049
[MILLAVAIR (YOUNG)]
Salinger!
c0000050
Tell me you didn't.
c0000051
Tell me you didn't strike
the queen down, please!
c0000052
Why?
c0000053
After everything
we've been through,
c0000054
why would you betray me?
c0000055
♪
c0000056
[SALINGER]
Milla.
c0000057
No, Queen Millavair.
c0000058
As matriarch
of this burning nation,
c0000059
will you remain true
to your ideals?
c0000060
If so, defend them
with your life.
c0000061
♪
c0000062
[rumbling]
c0000063
[gunshots]
c0000064
[explosion]
c0000065
[MEI] [snickers]
Wow.
c0000066
Pretty solid stuff
we've got here, huh, Names?
c0000067
Oh, and you're 65 seconds
late to be in position.
c0000068
[NAMELESS]
They're heat-resistant.
c0000069
An attack like this
won't do much.
c0000070
Which is why
I used incendiary bombs.
c0000071
Hence the 65 seconds.
c0000072
[explosion]
c0000073
Huh!
c0000074
By the way, where's Haim-zee?
c0000075
Already en route
to the queen's palace.
c0000076
This'll be a walk in the park!
c0000077
[NAMELESS]
That "walk in the park"
c0000078
is infested with beasts
of the astral kind.
c0000079
Don't mess up.
c0000080
C'mon, you know I won't.
I live for this.
c0000081
Now, who's ready to hunt?
c0000082
'Cause I don't know about you,
but I'm just dying to see.
c0000083
The spawn of the Founder.
c0000084
[trembling]
c0000085
Soldiers?
In the palace?
c0000086
It can't be.
c0000087
No, Sisbell, wait.
c0000088
-I know this looks bad.
-Yeah.
c0000089
But please,
we knew absolutely nothing
c0000090
about this attack, I swear!
c0000091
I know, how could you?
c0000092
I've been watching you
the entire time.
c0000093
Besides, remember
what Elletear said to me?
c0000094
So long as you stay
where you are,
c0000095
Schwartz will return to you.
c0000096
Basically, she wants us
to look the other way
c0000097
while the palace is surrounded.
c0000098
[SISBELL]
This doesn't make any sense!
c0000099
Why, sister?
c0000100
Has everything until now
been nothing but a lie?
c0000101
Why forsake your loyalty
to betray your home and people?
c0000102
-[glass shattering]
-Huh?
c0000103
Get down.
c0000104
Jhin?
What's the meaning of this?
c0000105
Windows aren't safe.
c0000106
Those gunshots,
did you guys clock it?
c0000107
Like an Imperial rifle.
c0000108
TH Type-87.
c0000109
I know I heard electricity.
c0000110
[Sisbell gasps]
c0000111
We're sitting ducks
in here, guys.
c0000112
Nowhere is safe.
c0000113
No!
This can't be happening!
c0000114
Well, it is.
Quiet down.
c0000115
-[JHIN] Boss.
-Right!
c0000116
-Iska.
-[ISKA] Got it!
c0000117
♪
c0000118
Stand down!
c0000119
We're Imperial soldiers!
c0000120
-[gasps]
-Move, idiot!
c0000121
[JHIN]
They aren't from the army.
c0000122
[groaning]
c0000123
[SISBELL] No mercy,
not even for your own.
c0000124
I told you,
they're not one of us.
c0000125
-Ah?
-Yeah.
c0000126
Assault rifle TH Type-87.
c0000127
Standard issue in the army,
c0000128
but the center of gravity
is actually at the muzzle,
c0000129
making it tricky to shoot.
c0000130
These guys didn't know that.
c0000131
One look at their stance
and it's clear as day.
c0000132
[NENE]
Iska! Jhin!
c0000133
Check it out.
c0000134
An astral crest!
c0000135
Now, do you see
what I'm talking about?
c0000136
They're mages,
from the Sovereignty.
c0000137
Do any of these guys
look familiar to you?
c0000138
Jog your memory?
c0000139
No, not really.
c0000140
So, the actual army
attacks the palace
c0000141
leaving us with the fakes?
c0000142
What's going on?
c0000143
Disturbance coming from below!
c0000144
They're already
inside the manor!
c0000145
[ISKA]
Sisbell, where are the maids?
c0000146
[running footsteps]
c0000147
Their rooms are in the back,
c0000148
so they should be safe
for a little while!
c0000149
There's not much time!
c0000150
Through the front door,
while we still can!
c0000151
[TOGETHER]
Gotcha!
c0000152
If anyone opens fire
from long range,
c0000153
I'll take care of them.
c0000154
Everyone else is all you, Iska.
c0000155
Roger!
c0000156
Bring it on.
c0000157
My blade's ready!
c0000158
♪
c0000159
[chuckles softly]
c0000160
[TALISMAN]
Lady Sisbell!
c0000161
Glad to see you
made it out safely.
c0000162
I am leader
of the Hydra family,
c0000163
Talisman.
c0000164
-Wait a minute.
-[BOTH] Hm?
c0000165
Why are you here?
c0000166
Be calm, all is well now.
c0000167
Not a hair on your head
will be harmed under my care.
c0000168
But we must hurry,
lest the chaos spread.
c0000169
By that, you mean the uprising?
c0000170
The Empire's goal
is painfully clear.
c0000171
Take down the queen
and her allies.
c0000172
In fact, the queen warned
you are also in danger.
c0000173
She said that?
c0000174
Indeed, she did.
c0000175
Time is of the essence,
Lady Sisbell.
c0000176
Come to my car.
c0000177
[gasps]
c0000178
♪
c0000179
Ah?
c0000180
♪
c0000181
I have just
two questions for you.
c0000182
If you really are
the head of Hydra,
c0000183
then that must mean
you have a good explanation
c0000184
about Vichyssoise.
c0000185
[TALISMAN] If this is regarding
her belligerent attack,
c0000186
I already explained in the
inquisition with the queen.
c0000187
I have no way of knowing
why she did what she did.
c0000188
I also find
the witnesses' accounts
c0000189
of her transformation doubtful.
c0000190
Is that right?
c0000191
One more question, then.
c0000192
[TALISMAN] As much
as I find this interrogation
c0000193
to be ill-timed,
c0000194
I'll answer any questions
to prove my innocence.
c0000195
Idiot.
[chuckles]
c0000196
There are two suspects
behind the coup.
c0000197
-Elletear and you.
-[chuckles]
c0000198
Hang on, that can't be true,
he's innocent.
c0000199
Right now,
the Imperial soldiers
c0000200
are actually at the palace.
c0000201
By that logic,
c0000202
why would the manor
be under attack
c0000203
by astral mages
disguised as the army?
c0000204
♪
c0000205
Coup's a coup,
but with Vichyssoise,
c0000206
it was done out in the open.
c0000207
Why bother
disguising themselves
c0000208
as the Imperial soldiers
this time?
c0000209
-[gasps]
-[JHIN] Simple.
c0000210
Under the current
circumstances,
c0000211
everyone would assume
the Imperial army
c0000212
kidnapped Sisbell.
c0000213
If that's not enough,
c0000214
the only one
who'd zero in on her,
c0000215
has to be the mastermind behind
the queen's assassination.
c0000216
After all, if she returns
to the royal palace,
c0000217
she can find out
the true culprit.
c0000218
[TALISMAN]
Ridiculous.
c0000219
Unlike players
with reasons to revolt,
c0000220
our family does not spurn
the regime.
c0000221
Pick another bluff,
'cause I don't buy it.
c0000222
The Zoas and Masked Lord
have nothing to do with this.
c0000223
[TALISMAN]
How can you be so sure?
c0000224
[JHIN] Because we went
toe-to-toe with him
c0000225
in Alsamira.
c0000226
And apparently,
Zoa's a radical faction
c0000227
just itching
to destroy the Empire.
c0000228
Meaning, there's no way
c0000229
he'd work with his enemies
to stage a coup.
c0000230
Assured confidence
on a conjecture.
c0000231
For you to believe his act,
c0000232
that man has played you
like a fiddle.
c0000233
[scoffs]
c0000234
Okay, say he was
working for the Empire.
c0000235
Why not bribe us
and kill off Sisbell,
c0000236
instead of going through
all the trouble
c0000237
only to let her go free?
c0000238
♪
c0000239
Zoa's innocent
as far as this coup goes.
c0000240
That leaves us
with only one descendant.
c0000241
♪
c0000242
The Hydra family
is behind everything.
c0000243
[hands clapping]
Bravo!
c0000244
A round of applause for
seeing through the deception!
c0000245
And you even know
of the dubious Masked Lord!
c0000246
[snaps fingers]
Well, no matter,
c0000247
I shall simply
keep carrying on.
c0000248
The only thing remaining
will be the Empire's gunpowder
c0000249
and bullet holes.
c0000250
Lord Talisman?
c0000251
Why would you do this?
c0000252
Because all of this
is necessary, my dear.
c0000253
In order to reach
the core of this planet,
c0000254
-we need the strength
of the Empire. -[gasps]
c0000255
Join our ranks, Lady Sisbell.
c0000256
Lend us the power
of your spirit.
c0000257
And we will use it to unlock
the mysteries of this planet.
c0000258
[gasps]
What are you talking about?
c0000259
[TALISMAN] Sadly, your
bodyguards will need to go.
c0000260
As much as I enjoy a crowd,
too many players in this game
c0000261
would be a turnoff.
c0000262
So, I must ask
your guard dogs to leave.
c0000263
[explosion]
c0000264
[JHIN]
You seem surprised.
c0000265
Is it because we used
your own trick against you?
c0000266
[beeping]
c0000267
Of course, we can trip
an Imperial-made bomb.
c0000268
Sisbell, run!
c0000269
♪
c0000270
[SISBELL]
Please be careful!
c0000271
His astral art is a wave-type!
c0000272
[gasps]
c0000273
[rumbling]
c0000274
Hmm, impressively done,
soldier.
c0000275
♪
c0000276
[ISKA] Would love
to see you try and spin this
c0000277
on the Empire after today.
c0000278
[TALISMAN]
There's no need for that,
c0000279
I shall burn everything down
c0000280
using your Imperial explosives.
c0000281
Astral energy from my waves
will dissipate before long,
c0000282
leaving nothing but the damage
c0000283
caused by the Imperials.
[fingers snapping]
c0000284
[guns clicking]
c0000285
Bring Lady Sisbell
to me unharmed.
c0000286
[SOLDIERS]
Sir!
c0000287
Oh, dear.
c0000288
Participating in such
barbaric acts of violence
c0000289
is far beneath my station.
c0000290
[ISKA]
You can't be serious.
c0000291
Though we may be at odds.
c0000292
I assure you, I abhor violence.
c0000293
However though...
c0000294
"purification..."
c0000295
is far more palatable.
c0000296
You see, all I desire
c0000297
is to purify
the planet's spirit.
c0000298
[indistinct shouting]
c0000299
[explosions]
c0000300
The citadel
for the astral spirits.
c0000301
Hard to wrap my head
around the mechanisms
c0000302
supporting this place.
c0000303
So much for the trek
to the queen's palace
c0000304
being a walk in the park.
c0000305
[MALE 206A]
Word from the front, Miss Mei.
c0000306
All entrances to the
queen's palace are sealed.
c0000307
Our gunfire
isn't making a dent.
c0000308
Thanks, Cappy,
but I already knew that.
c0000309
I'm not taking a detour
to stretch my legs.
c0000310
[MALE 206A]
Huh?
c0000311
[MEI]
So...
c0000312
it's gonna be like that, huh?
c0000313
Cool.
c0000314
Erasure?
c0000315
Must be space-time based
c0000316
if everything
it touches disappears.
c0000317
Either way, it's vicious.
c0000318
Nice to meet you, little miss.
c0000319
We've been expecting you.
c0000320
Imperial soldiers
of the Empire.
c0000321
Greetings.
c0000322
My name is
Kissing Zoa Nebulis the ninth.
c0000323
[MALE 206A]
That's a purebred?
c0000324
[MALE SOLDIER 206A]
They've finally showed up.
c0000325
[MEI]
Well, it took you long enough.
c0000326
-I was asleep.
-[scoffs]
c0000327
[laughs]
c0000328
Of course, you were!
c0000329
You're just a kid.
c0000330
You should be tucked
in bed by now.
c0000331
That's why
you need to disappear.
c0000332
I'm still tired.
c0000333
Farewell forever.
c0000334
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
Look.
c0000335
The flames swelling
under the stars.
c0000336
Like a grand flower
blooming against firelight.
c0000337
Beautiful, yet bewitching.
c0000338
Cruel, yet fragile.
c0000339
Pity.
c0000340
I'm terribly disappointed.
c0000341
[RISYA]
Why?
c0000342
We might not be
the audience you wanted,
c0000343
but give us some points
for at least showing up, yeah?
c0000344
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
Surprises have been
c0000345
a recurring theme lately.
c0000346
This crimson flower was meant
to bloom in the Empire.
c0000347
And not on Sovereignty's soil.
c0000348
Truly discouraging.
c0000349
[RISYA]
Oh, cheer up!
c0000350
Look at it this way,
great minds think alike!
c0000351
So, care to start?
c0000352
This might all go
a little easier
c0000353
if we knew each other's
names, stranger.
c0000354
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
Ah, how rude.
c0000355
Do forgive me.
c0000356
My name is On.
c0000357
But I'm known
as the Masked Lord.
c0000358
Ooh, aren't you
the model gentleman?
c0000359
Well, my name is Risya.
c0000360
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
The Disciple.
c0000361
Oh, am I that famous?
c0000362
Hmm.
c0000363
[ON (MASKED LORD)] A moment
of your time, if I may.
c0000364
I have a message to deliver
from the head of our family.
c0000365
[RISYA]
Go on.
c0000366
[TOGETHER]
First, I'd like to thank you.
c0000367
The fate
of this planet brought us
c0000368
a most remarkable guest,
you see.
c0000369
When the strength
of my legs faded
c0000370
40 years ago,
c0000371
I smothered my dream
of ever being champion
c0000372
on the battlefield.
c0000373
[GROWLEY] The insurmountable
weight of that grief
c0000374
consumed every waking
moment of my life.
c0000375
[crying]
c0000376
[laughs]
c0000377
But the fire burns
again tonight!
c0000378
And were it not
for you standing here,
c0000379
my ambitions
to destroy the Empire
c0000380
would have remained
a sweet fantasy!
c0000381
[NAMELESS]
Die, demon.
c0000382
[GROWLEY]
Mongrel.
c0000383
Your sin runs deep.
c0000384
[NAMELESS]
What?
c0000385
[GROWLEY] I am Zoa's
family head, Growley.
c0000386
And I will take the measure
of what lies submerged
c0000387
in your mortal flesh.
c0000388
[panting]
c0000389
There's an escape doorway!
c0000390
We can leave from here!
c0000391
[JHIN] A back door
to keep us under the radar?
c0000392
[SISBELL] Exactly.
I'll lead the way.
c0000393
♪
c0000394
[door opens]
c0000395
Wow, you said it was
an escape door,
c0000396
and you really meant it.
c0000397
I wish we had one of these
back at home.
c0000398
I wish you two
would stop gawking and go.
c0000399
[footfall]
c0000400
If you keep clinging
like a scaredy-cat,
c0000401
it'll be harder for me
to move when I need to.
c0000402
Rude! Don't get
the wrong idea, mister!
c0000403
I'm not scared,
it's just hard to see!
c0000404
Boss, Nene,
how's the ammo looking?
c0000405
Okay.
c0000406
I mean, I've got just about
half a charge left on my taser.
c0000407
Twelve bullets for me,
and we also have a grenade
c0000408
from one of the fake soldiers.
c0000409
Not enough
for a war of attrition.
c0000410
What?
c0000411
Fall back!
c0000412
[all scream]
c0000413
They even know about
the location of the tunnel?
c0000414
But how?
c0000415
Keep running, I'll follow!
c0000416
[JHIN]
Another ice user?
c0000417
This isn't good.
c0000418
There's no way out
without a fight.
c0000419
[sighs]
c0000420
[Mismis and Nene grunting]
c0000421
[SISBELL] That'll buy us
some time, I think.
c0000422
[all gasp]
c0000423
[GRUGELL]
Winter Scenery.
c0000424
Great Snowy Ravine.
c0000425
[all grunting]
c0000426
[GRUGELL] Do children not know
the line between ice and snow?
c0000427
Then allow me the pleasure
to paint you a snowscape
c0000428
right where you stand.
c0000429
Oh, the illustrious
Lady Sisbell?
c0000430
How wonderful to make
your acquaintance.
c0000431
Charmed.
Who are you, anyway?
c0000432
Grugell,
the Midnight Sun Witch, right?
c0000433
[GRUGELL]
Oh, an Imperial soldier
c0000434
that knows of my name?
c0000435
I was told that
the entire Fifth Division
c0000436
had been wiped out by you.
c0000437
Annihilated.
c0000438
[laughs]
c0000439
Here, the realm
of snow is mine to mold.
c0000440
Pray tell, what chance do
descendants of the Founder have
c0000441
against a Goddess?
c0000442
[ALICE]
Punch it, Rin.
c0000443
-Up to 300!
-[car revving]
c0000444
What vehicle can go that fast?
c0000445
If the Imperial army
really is invading,
c0000446
just how much damage
can they inflict?
c0000447
Minimal.
c0000448
If they did infiltrate it,
their numbers would tally...
c0000449
at most, a few dozen.
c0000450
Only their firearms would've
passed through security.
c0000451
You're right.
c0000452
However, Sovereignty
can withstand an uprising.
c0000453
The royal family cannot.
c0000454
Yes, even if there are
no civilian fatalities,
c0000455
if the queen falls,
so, too, does our nation.
c0000456
[gasps]
c0000457
[RIN]
The palace.
c0000458
On fire?
c0000459
How many weapons
were those lowlifes
c0000460
able to smuggle
past the perimeter?
c0000461
[ALICE]
It can't be.
c0000462
[ELLETEAR]
Seems the Imperial army
c0000463
has crossed
the Sovereignty's border.
c0000464
[TALISMAN]
Everything is moving along.
c0000465
Now we must wait
for the invasion.
c0000466
It must be at the hands
of the Imperial army
c0000467
that Sovereignty loses
our beloved queen.
c0000468
[ELLETEAR]
Indeed.
c0000469
But your little sister
will be in our way, won't she?
c0000470
Such a shame, that.
c0000471
In terms of strength, she's
the most powerful of the Lou.
c0000472
If Alice focuses
on protecting the queen,
c0000473
the Imperial army
won't stand a chance.
c0000474
So, we must find a way
to lure Lady Alice
c0000475
from Nebulis' matriarch, yes?
c0000476
Talisman.
c0000477
I'm thinking of going
on a little getaway.
c0000478
To Lou's vacation house.
c0000479
Celebrating so soon?
c0000480
Sisbell cannot step foot
in the palace.
c0000481
She'll figure out
who was behind the explosion
c0000482
in the queen's hall.
c0000483
The house of Hydra
will be exiled.
c0000484
So, I'll be the one
to take her to the manor.
c0000485
She will see that her
big sister is on her side.
c0000486
And be kept locked away
for just as long as we need.
c0000487
Fascinating.
c0000488
And your self-indulgent action
will force Lady Alice
c0000489
to come to you,
c0000490
following your trail
and pulling her
c0000491
from the palace
so the queen's unprotected.
c0000492
Imagine it!
c0000493
Alone and without a shield.
c0000494
Lou the eighth is defenseless.
c0000495
Lure Lady Alice
and Lady Sisbell
c0000496
to the vacation house,
c0000497
so the Imperial army
can seize the moment
c0000498
to attack head-on.
c0000499
It'll be two birds
with one stone.
c0000500
[laughs]
Don't be silly!
c0000501
Why settle with two
when you can have four?
c0000502
All in one move.
c0000503
One move to bring
this current regime
c0000504
down to its knees.
c0000505
Thus beginning a new election
for the next queen.
c0000506
I suppose you'll be running
for Lou, Elletear?
c0000507
I've grown tired
of this nation.
c0000508
Exhausted, really.
c0000509
But at the end of the day,
c0000510
I want to see it
burn to the ground.
c0000511
I shall leave its ashes to you.
c0000512
I will consider it an honor.
c0000513
Please, allow me to escort you
to the Tower of Stars, my lady.
c0000514
Captain Ornake, come forth.
c0000515
It's a pleasure to meet you,
Princess Elletear.
c0000516
And who's this?
c0000517
The captain
of the intelligence corps,
c0000518
selected by the house of Hydra.
c0000519
Ornake is our finest assassin.
c0000520
My, how dependable!
c0000521
See, Lady Elletear
off to her destination.
c0000522
[ORNAKE]
Sir.
c0000523
Finished here?
c0000524
If so,
I've a vacation to attend.
c0000525
Carry on.
c0000526
And when our time approaches,
we will all be ready.
c0000527
♪
c0000528
My Alice, Sisbell.
c0000529
And Mother.
c0000530
You've all been blessed
with great astral spirits.
c0000531
Applauded since
the very day you were born.
c0000532
I didn't have that luxury.
c0000533
Do you understand
what it's like to feel weak?
c0000534
Of course, you don't.
c0000535
You probably think
this nation will never fall
c0000536
as long as you're leading it.
c0000537
But, you see,
c0000538
that's where you're wrong.
c0000539
It's unfortunate, really.
c0000540
That strength
being your downfall.
c0000541
What good
are your spirits here?
c0000542
In this false paradise,
not even your gifts
c0000543
can save you now.
c0000544
Tonight, this palace
will burn to ash.
c0000545
And I'll be the one
to ignite those flames
c0000546
as the Witch of Catastrophe.
c0000547
A necessary price
that must be paid
c0000548
in the name of a true paradise.
c0000549
[MILLAVAIR] Keep the fire
extinguishing to a minimum.
c0000550
Use the extra manpower
to guard the tower.
c0000551
Stand firm.
c0000552
[ASTRAL FORCES]
Yes!
c0000553
[running footsteps]
c0000554
[sighs]
c0000555
Honestly?
c0000556
Do they really think
this will stop us?
c0000557
The fools.
c0000558
Nebulis will not bow
to a ripple.
c0000559
This is a haven for all mages.
c0000560
[JOHAIM]
"For all mages?"
c0000561
Don't make me laugh.
c0000562
[rumbling]
c0000563
Queen Nebulis, I presume.
c0000564
Hm?
c0000565
[footfall]
c0000566
The name's Johaim.
c0000567
I am the first seat
of the Saint Disciples.
c0000568
Disciple.
c0000569
[metal clanking]
c0000570
Do you seek forgiveness?
c0000571
[MILLAVAIR]
Watch your mouth, lowlife.
c0000572
You are now in the presence
of royalty.
c0000573
I am Queen Nebulis.
c0000574
As the leader of Sovereignty,
c0000575
I will vanquish you.
c0000576
[JOHAIM]
You speak of a dream, Queen.
c0000577
This nation isn't a paradise.
c0000578
It's a delusion
wrapped in filthy lies.
c0000579
The new world's knocking.
c0000580
Time to answer.